are you poisoning yourself with
unavoidable toxins from the food water
and air we breathe do you suffer from
the following symptoms then you need to
discover the ancient Japanese secret to
perfect health introducing kinoki
footpads the incredible detox system
that naturally draws toxins out of your
body when you sleep look kinoki footpads
remove heavy metals metabolic wastes
toxins parasites chemicals cellulite and
more giving you back your vitality and
health watch just like a tree draws
energy in and toxins down its trunk
kinoki footpads work the same way based
on ancient japanese reflexology cano
keys unique formula cleanses and
energizes but pulling harmful toxins out
of your body use a fresh patty tonight
until the pad becomes lighter and
lighter and you'll feel better and
better in fact this independent study
proves kinoki footpads lower toxic
materials in your body isn't that
amazing wow that's all I can say Wow
because they're amazing I still terrific
my headaches are gone I'm sleeping
better and I have more energy when I got
the report back I have taught you
everything from asbestos to mercury and
that's very serious stuff so I'm very
happy to be able to utilize a product
that would actually get rid of these
days kinoki also contains ions to
refresh your body and enhance your
overall well-being ordinary detox takes
forever beware of cheap imitations now
on this exclusive TV offer you can get
kinoki footpads for only 1999 but wait
call now and we'll double your offer and
if you ever need more we'll send you a
free supply for life just pay shipping
and handling we guarantee you'll
experience a dramatic improvement in
your health and well-being the very
first time you use it or your money back
so don't delay order kinoki footpads
today order your kinoki footpads have
your credit card reading call one eight
hundred 419 02 02 that's 1 800 419 02 02
call now at one eight hundred 419 02 02
when